The president declared war
on crimes and violence…
To reduce the public anxiety
regarding the recent violent crimes
and to handle the criminals…
The police launched a project
to eradicate crimes.
The police will crack down
on organized violence,
human trafficking, and drugs
to create an anxiety-free society
for innocent citizens.
All right.
Today, the vibe is different.
I can tell we're in the '80s.
Practice questions?
7a plus…
PRACTICE QUESTIONS
I don't remember anything
since it's been so long.
The vibe of the apartment
is different today.
It's different today.
The vibe has changed.
It's a thermos people actually used
at home in the past.
-Is it a blender?
-What?
-Or a thermos?
-It's a thermos.
An Apollo thermos.
GoldStar.
-Do you know what company this is?
-No.
-LG.
-What? Is it the old name for LG?
LG is GoldStar.
LG comes from "Lucky GoldStar."
LG.
-LG.
-LG. Lucky GoldStar.
Lucky GoldStar.
-I don't know anything.
-You don't know anything.
There's a lot of food.
Shall we eat sweet potatoes?
Let's do that.
My goodness.
Jung-ha, your style today is a bit…
I'm a church boy.
It's so cute how he said that.
"I'm a church boy."
Seriously, you have that vibe.
-Do I look okay?
-Yes, you look okay.
The vibe of a church boy.
And you, JENNIE?
-I'm a character from
Sunny
…
-Okay.
…that was played by Min Hyo-rin.
I wore an innocent-looking outfit
just like her.
It's like an outfit you'd wear
for the first day of school.
-I'm like a university freshman.
-Yes.
That's right.
I'm dressed like
-a repeater.
-A repeater.
I'm repeating a year.
I'm studying an extra year
to attend my school of choice.
That's the vibe my outfit gives off.
Judging by the way
the teams got divided up,
this unit has the mild-tempered members.
Seriously.
Yang Se-chan and Cha Tae-hyun
are unbelievable.
Teaming up with them
will be exhausting for Na-ra.
-Both--
-Anybody home?
-What?
Anybody home? My goodness.
-Hello.
-It's good to see you.
Gosh, hello.
We're coming in.
Look at that group of tricksters.
Tricksters?
We're going in. Let's go in.
Gosh, your son and daughter are so cute.
-Gosh.
-They aren't my children.
I'm studying for another year
to get into university.
-A repeater?
-I studied for a few years.
-For ten years, I bet.
I worked too.
-Did you struggle a lot in life?
-I worked.
I see.
What's the family relation here?
What is it?
I'm…
-He looks like the son.
-I think I'm the son.
-Welcome.
-We're a family of academics.
You guys must be well off.
She just entered university.
-My goodness.
-Yes.
-I'm 20 years old.
-How cute.
-You must be popular.
-He's a church boy.
-A church boy.
-Sit down.
-It's nice to meet you.
-Yes.
He looks smart.
I'm newly employed.
-Wait, what did you say?
-Newly employed.
-Mr. General Manager, come on.
-General Manager.
You become a bus driver later.
-His superpower is electricity.
-Later…
-He generates electricity.
-Yes.
Shall we watch TV together?
-Se-chan, pull it.
-Turn it.
-This one, right?
-The green one.
This controls the volume.
It isn't this one. All right.
I'll do it.
How does it work?
-You're doing it wrong.
-Pull it.
You didn't know that, did you?
-Gosh, old man.
-Right?
-You didn't know that, did you?
-I didn't.
So that's what you pull.
This is what you pull.
Was that why?
-It should come out.
-It's an old TV.
I haven't used a dial in a while.
This is incredible.
-It's working.
-All right.
It's Wan-sun.
Wan-sun!
She's showing a cool trick.
What a performance.
Wan-sun's topknot.
Amidst the modern melody
The moment I can see
-
Your new dance
-She's cool.
-She's cool, right?
-Yes.
Captures my heart
Here it comes.
-
Play the rhythm
Please don't stop
Dance within the rhythm
Wan-sun can sing well too.
-
She was so pretty.
-Lee Ji-yeon.
-My goodness.
-I listened to this song on my way here.
The two prominent singers of that time.
-Ji-yeon.
-I loved Ji-yeon so much.
Ji-yeon.
Will he come when the sun rises?
-She's so pretty.
-I know.
She was so popular.
When my heart reaches out to you
You turn away
-
Wind, please stop
It sounds familiar.
-It does, right?
-Yes.
It was used in many movie soundtracks.
Wind, please stop
Breaking news.
-
-What?
Breaking news.
-
-What?
The girl who disappeared
on the 30th of last month…
Ms. Kim, a student at…
…went missing ten days ago.
The police opened up the case
to the public
and began the search
-
for the missing person.
-A person went missing today.
Ms. Kim was last seen
at an apartment in Gyeonggi Province.
It's an apartment again.
-It's this place.
-Again.
-This place.
Around 7 p.m.,
she headed out after saying
that she was getting ramyeon
and never came back.
That's scary.
Using the accounts
of her acquaintances and eyewitnesses,
the police made 60,000 copies
of Ms. Kim's facial composite
and distributed them
around the Woosang Apartment complex.
We await any information
that can help us find Ms. Kim.
We'll share Ms. Kim's characteristics now.
What?
She stands tall at 165 centimeters
and has shoulder-length hair
and a round face.
If you know Ms. Kim's whereabouts
or have seen a student
who matches the description,
please call the number below.
Wind, please stop
It was an actual news story.
Is it our goal to find
a missing person today?
What do we need to do?
She has shoulder-length hair.
-A round face.
It's based on an actual incident.
-Yes.
-That's the inspiration for today's case.
The girl who disappeared
on the 30th of last month
went missing ten days ago.
I declare war on crimes and violence.
She stands tall at 165 centimeters
and has shoulder-length hair…
The police will crack down
on organized violence,
human trafficking, and drugs
to create an anxiety-free society.
-Today, we need to find Ms. Kim.
-Ms. Kim.
There must be a story.
Come on! What's wrong with you?
You startled me.
Don't do that in broad daylight.
For goodness' sake.
Horror stories and ghosts
scare me the most.
-Everyone here is a scaredy-cat.
-JENNIE, weren't you scared?
-She jumped like this.
-You jumped.
-Is it Woo-il?
-For goodness' sake.
I think it's him.
-That startled me.
-Seriously.
For goodness' sake.
Don't pound on the door like that.
-I'm so…
-You cried back then.
-I'm so… I'm so scared.
-Why?
-No one's out there.
-What?
No one's out there.
-Don't lie.
-No one's out there!
-You're lying.
-Why?
-No one's out there.
-JENNIE.
-Here I come!
JENNIE might come back crying.
-What's going on?
-Are we supposed to go out?
No one's out here.
There must be something to the story.
After pounding--
-JENNIE, you're brave.
-What?
-Because it's daytime.
-Daytime.
Since the sun is up,
I can be a bit braver.
I was so surprised.
Who pounded on the door?
-Seriously.
-I know. They pounded hard.
-Catch him!
-My goodness.
That startled me.
Catch that man!
-It's a thief.
-My goodness.
Stop right there!
It's a thief. Hey!
-Out of the way!
-No!
Move out of the way.
-Move out of the way.
-I'm scared.
-What?
You should've caught him.
I'm scared.
It's dangerous.
Mister!
What the…
What are you doing? Jump!
-Gosh.
-What's going on?
This is a real situation.
Detective Kim.
Oh, he's a detective.
He's a detective.
They really jumped from here.
-I was so startled.
-Seriously.
-I mean…
-Look.
-I was so startled.
-Seriously.
-He filmed it.
-Why did they go that far?
Why did you go that far?
That was too realistic.
-What are you trying to do?
-What's wrong with you?
You know, we did one thing right.
It would've been bad
if we caught the team in the back.
We could've caught the police.
We almost caught the police just now.
Na-ra told me to catch them.
Why didn't you men do anything?
-I was scared.
-For goodness' sake.
It's a thief. Hey!
-Out of the way!
-No!
Hey!
-Move out of the way.
There's a notebook here.
Did they drop it on purpose?
What's going on?
What's that notebook you picked up?
Let's see it.
-What is it?
-Woosang Apartment, Unit 209.
What?
-This is…
-"Hazard pay"?
"K, one person."
-"Three hundred thousand won"?
-What?
-What's this? "Arrested"?
-Arrested.
-We're at Woosang Apartment.
-Woosang Apartment.
-Why does it say "hazard pay"?
-"Hazard pay."
-What's "hazard pay"?
-"Arrested."
-Haneul Apartment.
-Unit 209.
ARRESTED,
HANEUL APARTMENT, UNIT 407
What?
-Come on.
-What?
Don't play dirty like that.
-Memorize it.
-I'm sharing information, okay?
-I'll forget.
-Put the phone away.
-What are you doing, Jung-ha?
-Take a photo.
I'll forget.
Tae-hyun, take a photo.
You know…
What?
Had it been the delinquent Se-chan
who found the notebook,
-he would've hidden it.
-Let's share.
Earlier, your hand moved
to your back pocket.
I thought you were at it again,
but you took it back out.
-I…
-Let's share.
-There's more.
-"Reference."
"In the '80s, bus fare and ramyeon cost…"
Yes. It was 100 to 150 won.
"Soju and milk."
Ramyeon was 100 to 150 won.
Bottled beer was only 650 won.
-World Cone ice cream was only 300 won.
-World Cone was 300 won. Yes.
REFERENCE: PRICES IN THE '80S
An apartment unit in Seoul
cost about 12 million won.
That means 300,000 won is a lot of money.
A manager made 500,000 won a month.
WOOSANG APARTMENT, UNIT 209
K, ONE PERSON - 300,000 WON
-500,000 won.
-What's this?
-I don't know.
-K? What's this?
-Unit 104. C, one person.
-C, one person?
C. So there are K and C.
-Names.
-They're names.
-K, C, Y.
K, C. They sound like…
KCM?
Come on.
That can't be it.
-Woosang Apartment.
-Is this related to the news story?
-Six hundred thousand.
-The missing person.
-In any case, someone tried to run…
-K, C, Y.
…and got arrested.
We await any information
that can help us find Ms. Kim.
-You should've caught him.
-I'm scared.
This is Woosang Apartment, right?
What's up with this place?
WOOSANG APARTMENT, UNIT 209
-This is unit 209.
This is unit 209.
-Unit 209.
-The detectives caught him here.
This is it. This is the place…
-Unit 209.
-…that holds a clue.
A man jumped out of this unit.
What's the secret today?
We need to find the missing girl.
-This is it, everyone.
-This unit is bigger.
-This is the crime scene.
-You're like a prosecutor.
This is the unit
that man ran out of, right?
He ran out of this unit.
Last time, there were
many clues inside the apartment.
These details are incredible.
Jae-seok, I guess
there was something worth stealing.
What was the culprit doing?
Everything is suspicious.
-Why do you think he stole something?
-What?
Maybe he was visiting.
Why would a visitor run away like that?
Since there's nothing,
I'm beginning to get curious.
-What's this?
-That man…
What is it? It seems important.
-There was something worth stealing.
-Hey.
"Eradicating antisocial crimes."
It's all in the newspaper.
"Increasing penalty levels for poisoning."
Thank goodness we have you.
It's about crimes.
Look. It's the same thing.
"A middle schooler's suicide"? What?
Why is there an article
about a repeater's suicide?
"A sudden drop in grades
is a dangerous sign."
A SUDDEN DROP IN GRADES
IS A DANGEROUS SIGN
Am I…
the only one who can read this newspaper?
-Seriously. It's so frustrating.
-Are there Chinese characters?
-Yes.
-So many of them.
-Are there?
-Yes.
Even if they give us a newspaper,
we can't read it.
Hold on.
I'm anxious.
What is it?
"String of kidnappings
of high school girls."
-Hold on. Are we going in that direction?
-Kidnappings?
-Was that man a kidnapper?
-A kidnapper.
I think everything is connected.
It's a kidnapping case.
How about the man
who got arrested earlier?
-He attempted to kidnap girls.
-I see.
Hodori.
The room's owner must be a student too.
-I think so.
-Right?
I figured out the student's name.
What? What is it?
It's Kim Mi-young.
The student… the student on the news?
The police began the search
for the missing person.
We await any information
that can help us find Ms. Kim.
-See?
-Kim Mi-young.
He found it.
-Her grades weren't bad.
-I know.
-Her grades improved.
-Let me see.
-Look.
They weren't good in the first semester.
-Hold on. What's this?
-I mean…
Na-ra is coming.
-Hold on. I'll give a briefing.
-A briefing.
-Jae-seok, I found it.
-This is…
Delinquents like Se-chan
don't share information like this.
-What is it?
-Show us.
-Kim Mi-young.
-Jung-ha found it.
-Yes.
Jung-ha just focused on the name.
But what are the details here?
-The grades.
-What about them?
-They improved.
-Yes. That's exactly right.
In the first semester,
her grades were just okay.
-But in the second semester…
-They suddenly improved.
Her grades improved.
What does this mean?
Did she study harder? Did she cheat?
She was stressed.
-Use it for deductions.
-But…
-What does it mean?
-I don't know.
That's ridiculous.
-What does it mean?
-I don't know.
That's ridiculous.
-How am I supposed to know?
-We can say that too.
I thought there was more.
-Perhaps Mi-young suddenly studied hard.
-We should keep this in mind.
We don't know.
Isn't that a diary?
-I'll read it.
-Hey.
JENNIE, read it.
"Today, I'm feeling rad."
Right. We used to say "rad."
-"My midterm grades went up a lot."
-They went up.
"Because of that,
my friends asked me
about my studying methods.
The whole time I was studying,
I wondered if I was going too far.
But the good results
took a weight off my shoulders.
For the first time ever,
my mom smiled when she saw my grades.
I should keep this up."
What? There's a star.
-What is it?
-You have to read that.
"Soon, I'll need to listen
to Lee Moon-sae again.
I'm tired of Lee Moon-sae now."
-Lee Moon-sae?
-
A Starry Night
.
-I liked Lee Moon-sae too.
-
A Starry Night
.
-Lee Moon-sae.
-"Lullaby…"
-There's more.
-Read it.
"I've listened to Lee Moon-sae
every night for two weeks.
My ears have had enough."
-She likes Lee Moon-sae.
-"I want to watch
Love and Ambition
."
No, look. "Soon, I'll need to listen
to Lee Moon-sae again."
-Does she not like him? I guess not.
-"I'm tired of Lee Moon-sae now."
-There it is.
-Let's play it.
Look at those.
LEE MOON-SAE
-Lee Moon-sae.
-Yes.
Bring it over here.
You remember everything. I don't remember.
It's Moon-sae's song.
-Moon-sae's songs are nice.
-
By my side
Don't leave
-
It's an equalizer.
Really?
What? I didn't know about this.
We'll learn a few idioms.
Al Capone, who ruled the US underworld
for five years…
-What is she saying?
-
…was eventually charged with tax evasion,
sentenced to 11 years…
-It's a lecture.
-You understand, right?
-
…and an 80,000 dollar fine.
Why is this coming
from Lee Moon-sae's tape?
"Charged with."
-
"Capone was charged with tax evasion."
-The content is unrelated.
That's the sentence.
Is that the end?
It was a lecture.
Lee Moon-sae's song played at first.
-She recorded it on this tape.
-Is that it?
That's the end of the tape.
We'll learn a few idioms.
Al Capone, who ruled the US underworld…
"A sudden drop in grades
is a dangerous sign."
It seems like Mi-young
was under academic stress.
-She didn't like it.
-Listen to this.
"In 30 minutes, I'm going to prison."
What?
"It only exists in this apartment.
Every night, I go to prison."
Hold on. She goes to prison?
What does she mean by that?
-A study room?
-A reading room?
That must be it. A reading room
can feel like prison.
That's what we called it too.
They dedicate every waking moment
to studying for the college entrance exam.
Salute the teacher.
-Sir!
-Let's go.
12 A.M., INSPECTION
Class Four, at ease.
-At ease.
Like the dolls that close their eyes
when in a lying position,
they fall asleep as soon as they lie down.
Did you refer to academies as prisons?
-Yes. We didn't want to go.
-Really?
Yes.
In any case, Kim Mi-young
was under a lot of stress for some reason.
But her grades went up a lot.
What? The phone is ringing.
They won't let us rest for even a second.
The phone is ringing.
-Hello?
-Why is Jae-seok doing everything?
Hold on. Okay.
Hold on.
-Hello?
-Let's listen as well.
Hello? Hold on. Hello?
Hello?
-Wait.
-What was that? Why did you hang up?
-Why did you hang up after listening?
-Come here.
-For goodness' sake.
-Unbelievable.
You hung up after "Hello."
Mi-young… It's ringing.
-Put it on speaker.
-Speaker.
Hello?
Hello, residents.
Don't share this phone conversation
with anyone else.
Listen by yourself.
-Hello?
-Hold on.
Hello?
Jae-seok.
Only one person can take this call.
-Why are you so obsessed…
-Everyone, come here.
-…with the phone?
-Come. Gosh, Jae-seok.
-JENNIE.
-He got to it so fast.
Go into the room.
Will he become a spy?
-Go into the room.
-He picked it up
-in such a hurry.
-It won't take long.
Jae-seok changed upon hearing the rules.
Go on in. Go into the room.
-I'll close the door.
-Close the door.
What could it be?
-Jae-seok.
-Listen.
-Last week, we got a piece of paper.
-Yes.
-I guess that's the method today.
-It keeps us suspicious.
Seriously.
I'm alone right now.
Go on.
The atmosphere is chaotic
at the apartment these days.
Someone at the apartment has gone missing.
Residents…
Okay. Go on.
Okay.
That was nothing important.
Seriously, Jae-seok!
You startled me.
My shoulder hurts.
I almost got a cramp.
-Who wants to go next? I'll go.
-Go ahead.
Were you told not to share it?
It isn't something
that should be a secret.
-But your voice became louder.
-No.
He just said that many people went missing
at the apartment,
and I should be careful.
It was nothing special. I don't know
why they made it seem suspicious.
-Maybe it doesn't exist.
-But…
Jae-seok, why can't we share it?
It's nothing.
We could've heard it together.
I mean…
Hello. Who are you?
Okay.
Hello?
You're…
…today.
If you don't drink
four bottles of orange juice by 2 p.m.,
your identity will be revealed.
…your identity will be revealed.
Is that it?
Understood.
What are you doing?
This is an announcement.
For a clue regarding
the apartment's secret,
the resident gathering will begin.
To unit 207.
-Okay. Don't touch anything.
-Okay.
I'll explain the rules…
-Go on.
-…of the game.
-Last week, the game was quite complex.
-Yes.
-I'm sure it was confusing.
You were the most confused.
Yes.
-Thus…
-Okay.
-…I prepared a simple game.
-That's good.
Escape the Goblin Apartment.
-
There will be an offense and a defense.
Okay.
An offense and a defense.
-
Pick the leader of the offense.
Okay.
You need to carry out the mission
on the mission note,
but it won't be a simple task.
A bell will be attached to your ankle.
Someone is here. Hey!
Hey!
You will get 100 points if you
succeed in carrying out the mission.
Every time a member of the defense
hits the leader with a goblin bat,
ten points will be deducted.
-Hey, come on.
-What's this?
Isn't someone here?
Isn't someone here? Who's this?
-Jae-seok, I think we failed.
-Hey.
Come on out. You failed.
-Where is he?
-Come on out.
My goodness.
The team with the higher total will win.
-Good.
-All right.
-So cute. Look at the bats.
-So cute.
They're the goblin bats.
-Shall we play defense?
-Okay.
Let's wear the blindfolds.
JENNIE, your face is so small.
The blindfold covers
two-thirds of your face, JENNIE.
It covers all of her face.
I want to get hit.
-Woo-il, don't hit JENNIE.
-It wasn't me.
-Mr. Security Guard.
Woo-il.
It wasn't me.
-He's happy.
Let's go.
All right. Who's the leader
of the offense?
It's Na-ra.
Please pick a mission note first.
Here.
-There you go.
-This one.
This is the mission note.
-Can I share it?
-Of course. Let's have a meeting.
FIND FIVE RED PLASTIC CUPS,
CARRY THEM ON A TRAY AND LEAVE
Where are the red plastic cups?
There they are.
Now, check the mission.
All right.
BRUSH YOUR TEETH
AND RINSE YOUR MOUTH
IN THE BATHROOM FOR 30 SECONDS
I'll use it like nunchucks.
East, west, south, and north.
East, west…
Shall we begin? Are you ready?
Ready, go.
Has the round begun?
-Yes, it has. Come on out.
-It has begun.
I came out.
Where are they?
-I'm not playing this round.
-Aren't you, Se-chan?
-Na-ra and…
-Tae-hyun?
Yes, Na-ra and Tae-hyun are.
-Yes, Na-ra and Tae-hyun are.
Where are they?
Someone is here. Maybe not.
I hear the bell.
Hold on. I hear the bell.
What? I hear it here.
Here. What?
Here.
-Hey.
-JENNIE, I'm not playing.
Here she is.
JENNIE, I'm not playing.
I got you.
-I got you.
-Oh Na-ra is here.
-Oh Na-ra.
-I got you.
Here.
Let's find Tae-hyun.
What? Aren't there two players?
That's right. We need to find Tae-hyun.
Find Tae-hyun.
Na-ra is here.
Tae-hyun.
Where is he?
Where is Tae-hyun?
-Who is this?
-Me.
Is it you, JENNIE?
Jung-ha.
I heard the bell.
The sound came from the balcony.
Really? Where is Tae-hyun?
Find him. Who's this?
-Tae-hyun is here.
-It's me.
I'm the security guard.
-Who? Woo-il?
-The security guard. Yes.
Where is he?
I think he went to the balcony.
-Someone's here.
-Where?
-Someone's here. Catch her.
-Na-ra is here.
-Na-ra.
-What?
-Catch her.
-Let go.
Let go.
Hey.
I caught her.
-Na-ra.
-He's hitting me.
-Yu Jae-seok is hitting me.
-I caught her.
-I caught Na-ra.
-Yu Jae-seok is hitting me.
Na-ra is here.
-Na-ra.
-She's here.
Where's Tae-hyun?
She's here.
Na-ra, are you okay?
Tae-hyun. It's me.
Yu Jae-seok hit me.
Tae-hyun.
He's here! Jae-seok, he's here!
-It's Na-ra again.
-There he goes.
-Who is it?
-Yu Jae-seok is hitting me.
Catch Na-ra.
-Na-ra.
Hey, where's Tae-hyun?
JENNIE is hitting me.
Where is he?
-Hey.
-For goodness' sake.
Where is he?
-Where was he?
-I got hit so many times.
-Many times.
-Na-ra got hit a lot.
We hit Na-ra many times.
You guys beat me up.
My goodness.
Yu Jae-seok hit me. My goodness.
-"Yu Jae-seok hit me."
-Na-ra.
"Yu Jae-seok hit me."
JENNIE hit me. My goodness.
I'm sorry.
My goodness.
Na-ra got hit many times.
Why are you crying?
I got hit many times.
Let's go to prison.
I want to go out.
I'm exhausted.
I'm lonely.
Let's switch sides now.
Okay. JENNIE and I will go.
I look forward to it.
-JENNIE. JENNIE and me.
-It's cold.
JENNIE.
-Jae-seok.
-Let's be quick.
-Good luck.
-Shall I pick one?
-Please pick one.
-Now…
-I'll read it.
GET HALF OF THE QUESTIONS RIGHT
ON THE MATH TEST
IN THE MASTER BEDROOM
I'll swing at anyone who comes my way.
Let's go this way.
Who are you?
-Staff?
-I'm a staff member.
-Yes.
-Should I stand here?
-Yes. Start here.
-Should I start here?
-Yes.
-Are you a scriptwriter?
-Yes, I am.
-You sound like JENNIE.
-I'm not JENNIE.
Everyone is spread out, right?
-You remember the mission?
-Yes.
-Let's be quick.
-Okay.
Are you ready? Let's begin.
Ready, go.
I'll hit one person only.
Yu Jae-seok!
Where are you? Just you wait.
I hear the bell coming from
the master bedroom.
Ready, go.
I'll hit one person only.
-Who is it?
-No.
-It's me.
-It's you, right?
-Who is it?
-Sorry.
-Who are you?
-It's me, Se-chan.
Yu Jae-seok!
Where are you?
Let them film it.
-Hold on.
-Let them film it.
GET A BOWL OF RICE
AND TAKE FIVE BITES
WITH DRIED SEAWEED
ON A SEAT CUSHION
Yu Jae-seok!
Where are you?
I hear the bell here.
-I hear the bell here.
-Just you wait.
Who is it?
-Who is it?
-Where is he?
-It's me.
It's me.
Hold on. Give me back my bat.
What? I hear the bell.
What? I hear the bell here.
The kitchen. No, the master bedroom.
I hear it coming from the master bedroom.
My bat!
Give me back my bat!
Seriously.
-My bat.
-No, the master bedroom.
Give me back my bat.
Tae-hyun, come here. Someone is here.
Where are you?
JENNIE, where are you? Move.
You need to keep moving.
Na-ra, be quiet. I can't hear the bell.
Tae-hyun and Na-ra, come here.
Where?
I think someone is eating food here.
-Where?
-Where? I'm coming.
Where? I hear the bell.
I hear the bell. It must be JENNIE.
JENNIE.
It's JENNIE.
No.
I hear the bell.
Hey!
-Where? I'm coming.
-Come here.
-What?
-I hear the bell.
-It must be…
-Here.
I got him! He's eating something.
Tae-hyun, I got him.
What do we have here?
She's moving around. Hey, you!
Where are you?
She's here.
I hear the bell. She's here.
Na-ra, it's me.
-Na-ra, it's me.
-The producer.
Gosh, you bad producer!
Bad producer! For goodness' sake.
What?
She ran away.
Where did my bat go?
Why do I only hear one bell?
I hear the bell. She's here.
She's here.
Gosh, you bad producer!
It's me!
-Tae-hyun.
-What?
-Hold on.
-Where is the sound coming from?
I hear the bell.
-I hear the bell. JENNIE is here.
-Someone's chewing.
-JENNIE.
-Chewing?
-Tae-hyun, hold on.
-He's here. Jae-seok is here.
-Where?
-I'm done.
-He's mine.
Jae-seok is eating rice
with dried seaweed.
Take the dried seaweed.
Jae-seok is eating rice
with dried seaweed.
-He's mine.
-Take the dried seaweed.
Yu Jae-seok is mine.
Where is he? Yu Jae-seok. I got him.
I caught Jae-seok.
-Where?
-I caught him.
Hey.
-Oh Na-ra is hitting me.
-Na-ra is beating me.
-I said Jae-seok was mine.
Who's this?
-You little…
-Oh Na-ra is hitting me.
Five.
Tae-hyun, JENNIE was here.
Who's this? Jae-seok?
-My bat.
-Oh, no.
My bat. What?
I'm here. Come here.
-Where is he?
-I dropped my bat.
-Here.
Where's my bat? My bat.
-Where is it?
-My bat.
-Hey, Jae-seok.
-Who's this?
-It was Jae-seok, wasn't it?
-Hey.
-Jae-seok stole our bats.
-Give me back my bat.
-Jae-seok.
This isn't it.
This is a mess.
-Give me back my bat.
-Jae-seok.
This isn't it.
This is a mess. Where is it?
My bat.
My bat. This is a mess. Where is it?
-My bat.
-Who is it?
Someone is hitting me.
Gosh, someone is hitting me.
I'll hit you with my hands then.
Can't I use my hands?
Give me back my bat.
-Give me back my bat.
-Jae-seok.
Where's my bat?
I mean…
So that's how you play the game.
See? JENNIE, you're good.
-You're good.
-My goodness.
-Where's my bat?
-How could you steal our bats?
So it's fine to steal the bat? Okay.
-The game is over.
-It's over?
-I was going to steal their bats.
-Someone stepped on me like this.
Yu Jae-seok's team won. The Yus.
Yes!
Okay.
Since the Yus won,
they can call Woosang Chinese Restaurant
and order the dishes of their choice.
The Yus are the best.
I want some too.
I'm exhausted.
-Let's switch.
Let's get food delivered.
What do you want?
-Jjajangmyeon.
-Same here.
-Regular?
-Yes.
-Jjajangmyeon, jjamppong…
Yes.
Come here. I'll cook ramyeon.
-Hey.
-Yes?
Share what you know with me.
-What?
-I just spotted something strange.
What?
-It's about Na-ra.
-About Na-ra?
JENNIE saw it too.
What did she see?
The two of us burst out laughing.
What is it?
What should I eat? Should I eat jjamppong?
Jung-ha, I'll have…
Jung-ha, I'll have jjamppong.
And two bowls of jjajangmyeon,
one plate of fried dumplings…
and one sweet and sour pork.
Okay.
She downed the entire bottle
while we were watching.
She downed the entire bottle?
JENNIE and I found it so funny.
-Really?
-Yes.
Hold on. Before Na-ra left,
she downed this bottle.
-Go on.
-It's a bit suspicious.
You're sharp.
Yes. She suddenly chugged it.
Maybe she was thirsty.
-But--
-It obviously looks like a mission item.
And earlier,
-the producer told us not to drink them.
-He said that.
You can drink them,
but the bottles are a bit dirty.
-The look in your eyes…
-Why are you…
-Why are you covering for her?
-Hold on.
-Seriously.
-Why are you covering for her?
Goodness, these two…
How did they change so much in a week?
-You're sharp.
-Right?
-I had no idea.
-Hey.
I've known you for a while,
but that look in your eyes is new.
I've changed.
-Is that so?
-Yes.
-Are you carrying out a mission?
-No.
-I don't believe you guys.
-Oran-C.
Let's have a drink.
Is there any ice?
I guess it doesn't have that function.
Before Na-ra left,
she downed this bottle.
It's a bit suspicious.
-Why are you…
-Why are you covering for her?
Wait, she's back.
They need to give us ramyeon to cook.
-What did you two talk about?
-What?
-We shared information.
Tell me honestly.
Na-ra, be honest. You're full, right?
I'm full.
I'm full. Why? Why do you ask?
-Why?
-Tae-hyun.
Just wait for three more hours.
We promised to play dumb, remember?
I'm full. Why?
-Is there something going on?
-No, not at all.
Na-ra, when you feel hot
after working out,
do you normally down a beverage?
-Don't you?
-I don't down it.
Well, I do.
Why? Are you suspecting me?
-Okay, Na-ra.
-Come on.
-Come on. Let's feign ignorance.
-Seriously, I'm not a spy.
Let's feign ignorance.
-All right.
-Okay.
What are you guys doing
at Kim Mi-young's place?
It's our place now.
-Na-ra, why did you down the orange juice?
-What?
Why do you keep drinking beverages?
I'm hot. Aren't you hot?
-What's going on?
-There must be a parasite in her body.
Everyone is filming
Deranged
.
Did she receive a mission?
But she did it openly.
She did the mission openly.
Come here.
What? Where did Jung-ha go?
-Was something there?
-Jung-ha disappeared.
Was something there?
Come on.
Huh? Where did Jung-ha go?
-Why are you suddenly…
-What?
-What are you doing?
-Washing my hands.
I'm innocent.
I'm really innocent.
What were you doing here alone?
-Are we really on the same team?
-Of course.
They need to give us a hint.
-Did you see it?
-No. We haven't gotten it.
-Did you see the other team's clue?
-No.
-There was a clue?
-Yes, I saw it.
-What did you see?
-What is it?
"Look at the books and newspaper
in unit 207."
Your lunch is here.
Cook this for lunch.
LOOK AT THE BOOKS AND NEWSPAPER
IN UNIT 207
-Books and a newspaper?
-I see.
Books and a newspaper.
Jae-seok, I shared what I saw.
We're a team.
-Your delivery is here.
-Okay. That was fast.
-Thank you.
-Jae-seok, the hint is here.
-Really?
Thank you.
-May I take it?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
Shall we hurry up and watch it?
All right. It's playing.
Let's watch it.
THE 1293RD EPISODE
The younger generations…
should no longer be tormented by…
All forms of… should be prohibited.
-What is it?
-I figured it out.
Apartment noise.
No.
The Social Purification Committee
had been in charge of…
REPORT THE CRIME
OF PRIVATE LESSONS
…but the police and prosecution
have taken over.
According to the Social Purification
Committee, from July of 1980 to now,
a total of 2,375 people were arrested for…
…during the crackdown.
Forty-four people were charged criminally,
twenty-six people were dismissed,
and 40 people underwent
a tax investigation.
-I figured it out.
-Really?
What is it?
-The crackdown that took place back then.
-Yes.
It restricts students far too much.
It's regrettable
that the beautiful youths
are losing their light.
I'm dissatisfied
with the extreme pressure.
A government official promised
to establish countermeasures against…
-
As authority has been delegated…
-The news makes it clear.
…the government is examining the functions
of the Social Purification Committee.
Take it out and come here.
Illegal private tutoring.
My goodness.
Private tutoring was prohibited back then.
ILLEGAL PRIVATE TUTORING
…should no longer be tormented
by the hellish entrance examinations
and excessive private tutoring.
The leaders of the society
should set an example
and refrain from providing
private tutoring of any kind
to their children.
EXPENSIVE, ILLEGAL
PRIVATE TUTORING - HAZARD PAY
Music and art aren't covered in tests,
so why not exclude them?
Reduce lunchtime
from 50 minutes to 20 minutes,
and let the students study for 30 minutes.
You need to be number one
so that I can be a number-one mom.
Let us in.
We await any information
that can help us find Ms. Kim.
That was why Mi-young
-was tormented.
-That was why
her grades went up.
It was illegal private tutoring.
-That's right.
-So…
-Hey.
-That man was a tutor.
I got goosebumps.
-These are tutoring fees.
-He was a tutor.
-"Hazard pay, 200,000 won."
-So expensive.
-So the total is 500,000 won.
-Yes.
Then K, Y, and S
must represent universities.
Korea University, Yonsei University,
and Seoul National University. That's it.
There's hazard pay since it's illegal.
I got goosebumps.
That's it. Everything adds up.
My goodness.
Is something written there?
What does it say? What is it?
We should always check the food.
What does it say?
"Look at the books and newspaper
in unit 207."
Which unit is this?
-It's unit 209.
-Which books?
Eat before the noodles get soggy.
Okay.
The Yus are the best.
Since I'm with the younger members,
I don't even need to get up.
It's tasty.
-It's really tasty, right?
-Yes.
I'm happy that we won the lunchtime game
for two consecutive weeks.
Producer, can I join the Yus
next week as well?
Seriously.
It's so nice.
When I'm over there…
Here, things get narrowed down.
There, things get broadened.
-I didn't know anything.
-Things broaden?
I brought all the books.
I couldn't find the newspaper.
My goodness.
-I couldn't find the newspaper.
-We need the newspaper.
Here, things get narrowed down.
There, things get broadened.
-Tae-hyun.
-What?
-What's that?
-A newspaper.
-Where was it?
It was inside the shoes
in the master bedroom.
Really?
This is it, right?
Isn't this it?
This must be it.
Everything is about private tutoring.
"Perverse tutoring."
Here.
-Private tutoring?
-That's what it's about.
Look at this.
"Crackdown on illegal tutoring."
Don't they know about this?
-No, they don't.
-That's amazing.
-You found it over there?
-They didn't hide it.
-No.
That's amazing. How did you know?
"Where."
"Typewriter, bottle opener,
math workbook."
TYPEWRITER,
BOTTLE OPENER, MATH WORKBOOK
We await any information
that can help us find Ms. Kim.
I saw a typewriter somewhere.
Hold on.
Where are you?
Yu Jae-seok, you need to move.
What's this?
Shall I look it over?
Go ahead.
What could it be?
Was that why Na-ra
opened a bottle earlier?
-What is it?
-Jae-seok.
-Only some letters can be pressed.
-Only some letters work.
-Yes.
Try it. Hold on.
The ones that work are…
This is it.
O* BEER - CALL POLICE
What is it?
"What's A?" It's minus one.
Since it's minus one, minus seven…
So, 72, 77. Minus one.
I see.
-I solved the problems.
-Really?
-The answers are the same.
-What is it?
Minus one.
-All the answers are minus one?
-Yes.
-I figured it out.
-What is it?
-It came out.
What is it?
Hold on. I think it's right.
It contains a
rieul,
right?
"Basement"?
B is missing from OB Beer.
B1.
-Basement.
-And there's minus one.
-The basement we saw.
-Basement.
BASEMENT
Can we go there now?
-I want to eat some more.
-Go ahead.
Can I eat some more? Thank you.
-Gosh.
I love it here.
-We're the elites.
-The elites.
We're the elites.
-Is it tasty?
-Yes.
-I'm so full.
-I know.
Would you like to…
What?
-Did you guys not eat?
-We did.
Look at this. Who opened it?
Who opened it? See? It wasn't me.
I just had a drink earlier.
These people are scary.
We need to go to the basement.
There's something in this unit.
-My goodness.
-What?
Why are you making it so obvious?
You guys seem to know something.
What's this?
-Why did you do this?
-It's…
-It must be important.
-No.
Gosh, I almost fell down.
-It must be important.
-No.
There must be something
about the typewriter.
-It's tasty.
-Yes.
Why did you suddenly bring out
this typewriter?
I find it strange.
The items represent the era,
-I think.
-It wasn't here.
-Listen, Tae-hyun.
-Does it work?
Tae-hyun.
-Listen, Tae-hyun. Tae-hyun.
-Does it work?
-Let's take it.
-Why would you take it?
-It's a clue.
-Let's take it.
-Why would you take it?
-Let's go.
Isn't it a clue?
-Is it okay for them to take it?
-Yes. Tae-hyun, let's go.
We'll take it with us.
Tae-hyun, come on.
Let's go.
Hurry.
What? Some keys don't work,
while the others do.
-Hold on. In that case…
-
Jieut
.
I need a pen.
-They'll come anyway.
-Yes.
They'll come anyway,
so we should get there first.
-
Rieul
.
-
Rieul
.
Hieut
-
I
.
-
I
.
Tae-hyun, maybe it's this. Look.
Hurry.
The Yus are the best.
-We work really fast, don't we?
-Yes.
-What?
-Ha…
"Kill yourself."
Jieut
,
hieut, siot.
-Isn't this it?
-Ja…
Basement.
-Yes.
-Basement.
That's right.
Basement.
It's basement, right?
-I solved it, okay?
-Okay.
My urge to pee went away.
-It's so scary. What's going on?
-What?
Someone's studying.
Hold on.
What's going on?
Hold on. Ms. Kim Mi-young?
What?
NAME: KIM MI-YOUNG
The girl who disappeared
on the 30th of last month
went missing ten days ago.
The police opened up the case
to the public
and began the search
for the missing person.
Are you Ms. Kim Mi-young?
Yes, I'm Kim Mi-young.
You're all over the news,
and people are looking for you.
-Me?
-Isn't that you?
I have no reason to be on the news.
Where's Kim Mi-young?
-I'm Kim Mi-young.
-She said so.
-She said so in the beginning.
-I see.
Hello.
Are you saying
that you never went missing?
No, I never went missing.
Kim Mi-young isn't the missing girl.
It's another Ms. Kim.
I see.
Aren't you the student who went missing?
Oh, she's a university student
who tutors me.
I see.
The missing Kim must be the tutor.
What's your tutor's name?
It's Kim Ji-eun.
This is the equation.
Don't get it mixed up. Plus ab.
A squared minus ab plus b squared is…
This is important.
Why did your tutor go missing?
I don't know much
since my mom got me a tutor,
but this is apparently illegal.
I think my tutor wants to come clean
in order to clear her conscience.
As the prosecution began
an investigation to eradicate
the illegal private tutoring
that is rampant,
a student at a prestigious university
who has done illegal private tutoring
called the police and voiced
her intention to turn herself in.
But the university student
suddenly went missing,
and her whereabouts
have been unknown for days.
Where is your tutor?
I can't tell you that.
Would you just tell us
before we force you to?
I really can't. After all,
among you are the parents
who have hired illegal private tutors
and are now threatening the tutor.
…and are now threatening the tutor.
I knew it.
I need to study now.
Of course. Come here.
Let's go. Bye.
This is…
Jae-seok, hold on.
-It's one of us.
-Don't threaten her.
What are you doing? What?
-What?
-My goodness.
What's going on?
You found it. What's in the basement?
-Hey.
-Yes?
-Did you figure out the typewriter clue?
-Yes.
We figured it out.
Na-ra, come here. We'll get going.
-Go on in.
-Okay.
We'll get going.
-They're fast.
-They're so fast.
-She's being threatened.
-So one of us is that parent.
I think so.
-I understood correctly, right?
-That's right.
-Kim Mi-young's tutor…
-Yes.
…went missing.
She went missing
because she wanted to confess
to the police,
and a parent threatened her.
-She was stopped.
-Yes.
So she ran away.
I see. That was why she went missing.
Yes.
Why did Mi-young call it prison?
She was just saying
that illegal private tutoring
is like a prison.
The tutor. Where's your tutor?
This is the prison.
I can't tell you.
I'll get scolded by my mom.
You won't get scolded.
-I can't.
-Please tell us.
I can't tell you
because among you are the parents
who are threatening the tutor.
Gosh, this is so annoying.
This is so annoying. Seriously.
Is that it?
-Seriously.
-Wait.
-Among us?
-Someone is threatening the tutor.
Who's being threatened?
Hello?
You're
a parent who requested illegal tutoring.
My goodness.
If you don't drink
four orange beverages by 2 p.m…
your identity will be revealed.
Understood.
-There's more.
-Someone is acting.
-Hold on. Tae-hyun.
-Hold on.
-It's me.
-Earlier…
-I know.
-It's me.
-Yes.
-I'm eating something.
Na-ra drives me crazy.
It must be me, right?
I think drinking orange juice is something
the parent needs to do.
So the member
who was drinking it diligently,
Na-ra, is my guess.
That's my guess.
Ms. Kim, a student,
went missing ten days ago.
…and refrain from providing
private tutoring of any kind
to their children.
This is an announcement.
I ask every resident to come
to the Senior Center.
Let's go, punks.
-Okay.
It's her, right?
Jae-seok. It's Na-ra, right?
Hey, you should defend Na-ra.
-I'm going insane.
-Hey,
-I'm drinking the Fanta.
-Don't drink it.
-Get in the car.
-Let's get in.
-Hey.
-Hey, come on.
Back in the day, this van looked so big.
I used to ride one
to go to a tae kwon do academy.
-Really?
-Yes.
The fragrance is refreshing.
This van…
My goodness.
-Jung-ha, did you meet Na-ra here?
-Yes.
-I hadn't met him before.
-I see.
-I thought you were in your twenties.
-Who?
You. I thought that when I first met you.
Me? In my twenties?
Yes. You looked so young.
I had no idea
that you were older than Tae-hyun.
I had no idea. I found out today.
My goodness.
You guys are good
at sucking up to your seniors.
-You're good too.
-Yes.
-The youngest members are the best.
The youngest members are the best.
We know how to survive in society.
Se-chan, you shouldn't group yourself
with the youngest members.
Jae-seok, I'm part of Generation MZ.
How old are you?
-I'm the captain among them.
-Gosh.
I'm 38 years old.
Thirty-eight.
-Were you born in the Year of the Tiger?
-Yes.
Same here.
-Tiger? Same here.
-Twelve years apart.
-Hey, we're 24 years apart.
-Jae-seok.
-Tiger?
-Mine is the tiger.
-Is yours the tiger?
-Yes, it is.
-This is unbelievable.
-Why?
Jung-ha, Na-ra, and I were born
in the Year of the Tiger.
She's 12 years older than me
and 24 years older than him.
-Hey, do you know what's scarier?
-What?
Ji-ho was born in the Year of the Tiger.
Jae-seok's son.
-One, two, three.
-Three cycles.
Three cycles.
-Na-ra.
So you and I have the same sign.
-I can't believe we're 24 years apart.
-I know.
I can't believe
I'm on the same show with you guys.
The same sign.
-Na-ra, you should be grateful…
-That's right.
…that the younger members talk to you.
Thank you for hanging out with me.
Don't mention it.
Give us an allowance of 50,000 won
after the shoot.
You have the best juniors.
-Yes.
-Give us 50,000 won for our cab fare.
Okay. I'll give it to you guys.
Please do that.
-Can I drink another Fanta?
-Of course. Drink as much as you want.
-I'll drink Fanta.
-Okay.
-Yes.
-Thank you for your hard work.
It was nice.
It was fun to ride a Besta again.
Let's get out.
-My team.
-Come to the center.
-Okay.
-I'll sit here.
Chas.
The security guard isn't here today.
Hold on. Where did he go?
We'll begin the game.
Is Woo-il not coming?
-Where's Woo-il?
-Please.
Did he go home?
I don't think I'm cut out for this.
You won't see me next week.
-Woo-il.
-Please.
Did he go home?
-You should give him another chance.
-Yes.
He's doing something else.
He delegated the responsibility.
-Today, I'll move things along quickly.
-Okay.
Understood.
We need to win the game
in order to receive a clue.
You get a good clue if you win.
The winners will receive a clue
on the missing tutor.
The winners?
-The tutor.
-Her whereabouts.
The winners?
My goodness.
Why is a bottle of orange juice here?
Be quiet.
Feign ignorance.
-Na-ra.
-Yes?
Don't drink that. Seriously.
Don't drink that. I'll stop you.
Let's feign ignorance.
I won't let you drink it so openly.
All right. We'll play a game called
Make It Make Sense.
-Make It Make Sense.
Gosh, it sounds like a difficult game.
-Let me explain the rules of the game.
I'll give you a syllable.
Let's say I go, "Ty."
Ty. Ranno. Saur. Us. Make it make sense.
I like it.
-He likes it.
-I like it.
-You like it.
-Yes.
Gang. Doenjang. Bi. Bimbap.
That's another example.
-We give a syllable or two.
-Okay.
-Not bad.
You can only give one or two syllables.
One or two. Okay.
-Let's try it.
-Let's go.
-Which team will go first?
-Them.
Let's go.
-The Chas, let's go.
-Let's go.
This is better than last week.
-That's right. Let's go. I'm full.
Let's go. Make It Make Sense.
-Let's go.
-Ready, go.
Gyeong.
-Ju.
-Bi.
-Bimbap.
-Okay.
-"Gyeongju bibimbap"?
-That doesn't exist.
It's Jeonju bibimbap. Come on.
-Gyeongju bibimbap doesn't exist.
-Jae-seok.
-You've never had bibimbap in Gyeongju?
-It doesn't exist.
You never went
to Kimbap Heaven in Gyeongju
-and had bibimbap?
-Hey.
-No?
-It doesn't exist.
-Gyeongju bibimbap, Jeonju bibimbap…
-Gyeongju bibimbap?
-Seoul bibimbap.
-It doesn't work.
-Jeonju bibimbap.
-Gyeongju.
-Okay. It doesn't exist.
-Why not?
-It exists in Gyeongju.
-Then adding Daegu or Busan would work.
-It doesn't exist.
-No?
-There's no bibimbap in Gyeongju?
-It should be a representative dish.
Who will go first?
JENNIE. She's good at this.
Make It Make Sense. Ready, go.
-Squid.
-Stir.
-Fried.
-Rice.
Okay.
-Okay.
-Yes.
-All right.
-Will you keep using fried rice?
-Gosh.
-I will.
-Fried rice.
-Will you keep using fried rice?
-Gosh.
-I will.
-Fried rice.
-Will you keep using it?
-Fried rice all the way.
-We can use fried rice. Kimchi…
-Fried rice.
We can use other types of kimchi too.
-Tae-hyun, let's go.
-I'll just say one syllable.
-Okay.
-Get ready. Make It Make Sense.
Ready,
-go. Wa.
-Go slowly.
-Ter.
-Pars.
Ley fried rice.
-Water parsley fried rice. What?
-Hey.
Water parsley fried rice.
-What?
-Up to two syllables.
-Water parsley fried rice?
-"Water parsley fry."
-It makes no sense.
-We were so close.
-Water parsley fried rice.
-Gosh.
-You know now.
Two syllables.
We'll get all sorts of fried rice.
-I should've said, "Water parsley fry."
-Yes.
Get ready.
Make It Make Sense. Ready, go.
Peo.
-Ple.
-Are.
Good. What?
What? People are good.
Good.
-People are good.
-Hold on.
-
People Are Good
was a show.
-It was a show.
It aired back in the day.
It was an actual show.
People Are Good
.
The title was
Human Documentary, People Are Good
.
-Then it doesn't work.
-It works, right?
Human Documentary
.
-
Human Documentary, People Are Good
.
-So close.
Ready, go.
Yu.
-Jae-seok.
-Face.
-Bad.
-That's it.
-Jae-seok.
-Face.
-Bad.
-That's it.
-Face.
-Bad.
-That's it.
-Hey.
His face is bad. Look at his face.
Look at his face. It's bad.
-Hey.
-What?
His face is bad. Just look.
Look at his face. It sucks.
-Hey.
-What?
It makes sense.
It's suitable for variety shows.
-Seriously.
-For variety shows.
-I'll look it up on Naver.
-Hey.
Why would it be on Naver?
-Every Korean…
-Don't look it up.
…knows that Jae-seok's face is bad.
-That's right.
-Are there no results?
-No results.
-There are no results.
-For goodness' sake.
-No results.
Naver. No results.
It was a good answer.
See? Naver acknowledges my face.
Naver. No results.
I'll give you another chance.
-Okay.
-Let's go. Tae-hyun first.
Okay.
Let's begin. Make It Make Sense.
Ready, go.
Ro.
Hong-chul.
Store.
Good.
-Hey.
-Hong-chul's store is great.
-This is ridiculous.
What's up with you guys?
Was that a sponsored ad?
-They're suspicious.
-What are you guys doing?
-You know,
-it was nice. Look it up.
-Ro.
-And--
-Na-ra, don't use names.
-He says things like "bad."
-I know.
-I--
-"Bad" and "good."
How annoying. We were so close.
Anyone can see
that was a landslide victory.
-The Yus won.
-Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
-All right.
-Se-chan is a delinquent.
Give it to us.
Jae-seok, we don't know how it feels
to fail to receive a hint.
-You're the best.
-See, Jung-ha?
We have incredible teamwork.
The clues for where.
-"Paper."
-"Paper, world, and ramyeon"?
"Paper and world and ramyeon"?
"Ramyeon"?
Kim Mi-young isn't the missing girl.
It's another Ms. Kim.
I see.
Where is your tutor?
I can't tell you that.
Okay. Let's watch it.
What? It's "To You."
Those were the days.
A tiger.
What?
Is that all?
Maybe it's broken.
-What?
-Is that really the hint?
What's this?
The '88 Olympics.
-What?
-I think I know.
What is it?
-I think I know too.
-What?
Go ahead.
In
Reply 1988,
Deok-sun gets tutored
by her older sister, Bo-ra.
-Maybe Ji-eun is Mi-young's older sister.
-No.
You're completely wrong.
Am I wrong?
What is it?
-It's too… Maybe I'm wrong.
-Guess.
-It's too easy.
-What is it?
What was written on the tape?
-Paper…
-World and ramyeon.
PAPER AND WORLD AND RAMYEON
-World.
-"World" tipped me off. Paper cup.
World Cup.
Paper cup. World Cup.
-Cup ramyeon.
So it's cup.
See? Cup.
-Cup.
-Water is being poured.
I guess we need to pour water into a cup.
Hodori.
Maybe we should pour water
into a cup with Hodori.
I saw that cup.
What could it be?
Hodori.
I saw a glass like that.
Hey, hurry.
We're the best.
-Okay. Let's go.
-Let's go.
They were eavesdropping
outside the window.
Come on.
JENNIE looked right at me.
-But…
-"Hand in Hand."
-I couldn't hear anything.
-The '88 Olympics.
We heard "Hand in Hand."
We were too careless.
For goodness' sake.
-Did you hear it?
-We couldn't hear anything.
There must be a clue here.
-Why is everyone coming here?
-Is there a clue here?
Is there a clue here?
What is it?
There must be a clue here.
-We're here to catch him.
-Se-chan.
-No. I couldn't hear.
-Are you a delinquent?
-I couldn't hear.
-What did you hear?
Se-chan is a delinquent.
I didn't hear anything.
-Seriously.
-Se-chan is a delinquent.
-Come here.
How much did you hear?
World Cup.
-You heard that?
-I just heard, "cup."
-What's "cup"?
-Well…
Hold on. Hodori.
Hodori. Why is Hodori important?
Seriously. Did you come here for this?
We won't give it away.
We won't give it away. What's going on?
Why this?
They came for this.
For Hodori? Why?
For goodness' sake.
What are you looking for?
Let's go over there
-and watch the videotape.
-Tell us. We don't have a clue.
Go to our unit and check out the hint.
Or the gap will be too big.
Go and watch it.
-Seriously.
-Here.
I'm giving you a chance.
-Really?
-Or the gap will be too big.
-Na-ra, let's watch it.
-Okay. Let's do that.
You have to watch it first.
It's best that you watch it.
Let's put away Hodori.
-Hodori.
-Can I drink some juice?
-No.
-Can I drink Fanta?
Let's drink it.
-No, Na-ra.
-Come on.
-Let's watch it.
-I'll watch it as I drink.
Okay.
Hold on. Let's see what the clue is.
Where is it? I can't find it.
Can you see anything?
Were we wrong?
What?
This is insane.
LET'S PASS
THE PUBLIC SERVICE EXAMINATION
IT'S OVER IF I GET CAUGHT
STUDY BEFORE GOING TO BED
GIVE ME A PASS OR GIVE ME DEATH
-What?
-This is insane.
The tutor is here.
We found the tutor.
Private tutoring companies
that sell workbooks
to middle school and high school students
and offer lessons are on the rise.
Perverse private tutoring methods
are beginning to pop up.
-What?
-What? I didn't know about this.
We'll learn a few idioms.
Al Capone, who ruled the US…
Hello?
What was that?
Perverse private tutoring methods
include tape tutoring which involves
recording lessons on tapes…
We'll learn a few idioms. Al Capone…
…phone tutoring over home phones…
car tutoring in which students study
in a moving car
on the highway…
and live-in tutoring, where the tutor
pretends to be a housekeeper,
and lives with the student.
The Social Purification Committee
decided to strengthen regulations
because perverse private tutoring methods
are predicted to become popular.
Thus, the committee
will collect intel
and conduct an internal investigation
to find and penalize
those who are involved
with illegal tutoring.
The tutor is here. We found the tutor.
-Hurry up and come with us.
-Hurry up.
-It's okay. Hurry up.
-It's okay.
Are you okay?
What should we do? How can we help you?
Ms. Kim.
-I'm the one who was reported missing.
-The tutor.
Ms. Kim.
I'm going to drink the juice.
-Se-chan, I'm drinking the juice.
-Go ahead. What?
-Go back inside.
-Go inside.
-Hurry up.
One, two.
I can't find it.
-You locked the door. Hey.
-Why did you lock it?
You locked the door.
I don't know how to open it.
-I can't find it.
-Seriously.
-I don't know.
-What?
Guys, I'm drinking juice.
Why did you give us a fake video?
It isn't fake. You must watch it.
-There was nothing on it.
-Nothing was on it.
It isn't fake. You must watch it.
-There was nothing on it.
-Nothing was on it.
There's another video, isn't there?
-There must be.
-No.
-Where are you going?
-To the room.
-What are you looking for?
-Where is she going?
Catch JENNIE. What's in this unit?
Gosh, it hurts my pride.
I'm drinking the juice.
No one's stopping me.
Gosh.
Hey.
Eat one.
Hold on.
This is… I…
-What?
-Why is no one stopping JENNIE?
-I'm drinking it.
-Okay.
What? What's that?
-What?
-What's that?
What's that?
Why did you go in there?
-What's this?
Hold on.
What's this? Who are you?
In order to avoid the crackdown,
I hid here every day.
Ms. Kim.
-I always felt anxious.
-Are you the tutor?
She used to do illegal tutoring.
She's the missing tutor.
-The tutor?
-Who found her?
We found the tutor,
but I think there's more to it.
Please tell us.
I planned to hold a press conference
and come clean.
I have a list of parents
who hired me for illegal tutoring.
This is the ledger
of my illegal tutoring sessions.
But since I'm getting blackmailed,
I can't tell the truth.
There's one thing I know.
-What is it?
-Please tell us.
In this group, there are parents
who hired me for illegal tutoring.
-We know.
-There are four.
Four?
-We know.
-There are four.
Four?
-Four?
-Hey.
-There are four.
-Four?
-Hey.
-It isn't me.
-Come here.
-It isn't me. Is it you?
It isn't me.
-Is it you?
-No, it isn't me.
-Juice drinkers, come forward.
-Juice.
-JENNIE.
-You drank it.
-I only did when everyone else did.
Who didn't drink juice?
There must be a parasite in her body.
Everyone is…
I got chills.
I… I just know the faces
of the students I taught.
I don't know the faces of the parents.
I ask the two innocent civilians
to pluck up their courage
to stop the four parents
who hired illegal tutors
and report them.
-Four of us?
-What?
-Hold on.
Gosh, things are getting dirty.
What should I do?
-Jung-ha, give it to me.
-This is…
-Give it to me.
-Let's see it.
-You guys are too much. Seriously.
Bong-seok.
-Let's see it.
-You guys are too much. Seriously.
I really am a civilian.
Come here.
-What's up with you?
-Is that how it's going to be?
-Come on out.
-I feel so betrayed.
-My goodness.
I really am a civilian.
I can confidently say
that I'm one of the two.
-I'm a civilian too.
I really am a civilian.
-Hey. Jung-ha, I'm the other one.
-Four?
I'm the other one.
-JENNIE.
-Jae-seok, I'm a civilian
-this time.
-My goodness.
Na-ra isn't a civilian.
-Stay out.
-She's a parent.
-Na-ra, you need to make the call.
-She got caught.
-Let's take a look.
-Shall we?
Let's take a look first.
"The house that plucks stars
from the sky"?
"Seoul slicker"?
"The house that plucks stars from the sky.
Seoul slicker."
Three and four. I mean, three and one.
Three people and one person.
NUMBER OF PEOPLE: THREE, ONE
Here it is.
"Lee Jung-ha doesn't have children."
So Jung-ha isn't a parent.
I'm an innocent civilian.
Testing.
This is an announcement for the residents.
In the group, there are four parents
who requested illegal tutoring
and two innocent civilians.
The two innocent civilians
must come to the press conference
at the rooftop by 3 p.m.
and reveal your identity.
While tutoring is prohibited by law,
a university student
who did illegal tutoring
turned herself in.
She confessed to tutoring students
while living in the houses
of high-ranking officials.
The fact that these parents
threatened the tutor
before she turned herself in
shocked everyone.
The police promised
a thorough investigation
and to keep a watchful eye on
the crackdown of illegal tutoring.
The two innocent civilians,
come to the press conference
and reveal your identity.
If a parent who requested illegal tutoring
pairs up with one innocent civilian
and reveals his or her identity,
punishing the illegal tutoring will fail.
LEE JUNG-HA
DOESN'T HAVE CHILDREN
This is…
-I want to read it.
-Okay.
"Seoul slicker" is Jae-seok.
Right.
No, it isn't me.
What? "The house
that plucks stars from the sky"?
Plucking stars from the sky
I'll pluck stars from the sky
I'll pluck the moon from the sky
-
I'll put them in your hands
Oran-C
Oran-C.
-Oran-C?
-Oran-C.
It was in our unit.
Unit 209.
These are drinks from back in the day.
-Unit 209.
-Oran-C.
NUMBER OF PEOPLE: THREE
-I don't know.
-Unit 209.
-Hold on.
-What?
All three of them are parents.
-That unit has Oran-C.
-Yes.
-Three.
-They're parents. Leave.
Hey!
-You punk! Today, you… You punk!
-No.
How could you make a fool out of me?
Hello. Who are you?
You're a parent
who requested illegal tutoring.
Okay.
-I don't hear the bell.
-You'll hear it.
-Really?
-How cool.
The three of you are parents.
-These punks attacked me.
-They're leaving.
The three of you are parents.
-These punks attacked me.
-They're leaving.
What? Are they civilians?
You got it wrong.
We're civilians.
-Are they civilians?
-You got it wrong.
-Hey, you got it wrong.
-Hurry up.
Hey, Jung-ha.
-You got it wrong.
Let's go.
Hey. I can't believe him.
Hey, Jung-ha.
JENNIE isn't a civilian. Hey. Jung-ha.
It was me from the start.
-Jung-ha.
-Hurry up.
-Come on.
-Please.
JENNIE is the Seoul…
-Come on.
-Please.
JENNIE is the Seoul… Stop for a second.
-JENNIE.
-We need to go.
-Hurry up, Jung-ha.
-Stop for a second. Hey, JENNIE…
-Jung-ha, come on.
-Jung-ha.
-Three people.
-Come here for a second.
-I'm serious, Jung-ha.
-Come here.
-JENNIE is the Seoul slicker.
-No.
We need to go.
Jae-seok is the Seoul slicker.
-I told you from the start.
-Hey.
-We need to go.
-Hurry up.
Jung-ha, I need to do this.
-Come here.
-We're a team…
-JENNIE.
-…for a reason.
JENNIE, come on.
Wait.
-The press conference hasn't begun.
-No, it hasn't.
I want to check.
Let's go.
-Are you a civilian?
-Yes, I am.
-I suspected Jae-seok from the start.
-Why?
I thought the parents were
Jae-seok and Na-ra.
I'm certain.
-Jae-seok, it's time to choose.
-Okay.
-Jung-ha, hold my hand.
-Jung-ha.
-JENNIE is the Seoul slicker.
Are the three of us parents?
I don't know what Jae-seok is.
-Jung-ha.
-JENNIE is the Seoul slicker.
I'll explain it from the start.
Na-ra was a parent from the start.
Whenever Na-ra did something suspicious,
Jae-seok defended her
so that we wouldn't suspect her.
-When she drank Oran-C…
-That's right.
I was like, "Isn't that suspicious?"
Jae-seok was like,
"I guess she was thirsty."
-I'm going crazy.
-It made no sense.
Before Na-ra left,
she downed this bottle.
-Go on.
-It's a bit suspicious.
-You're sharp.
-Yes. She suddenly chugged it.
Maybe she was thirsty.
Is that strange?
It's natural to drink a beverage.
-The Oran-C makes me suspicious.
-Maybe she drank it without thinking.
-Why are you covering for her? Hold on.
-Why are you covering for her?
You're a parent who requested
illegal tutoring.
I'm a civilian.
I'll check in on them. Come with me.
Okay.
-JENNIE, what are you doing?
-What?
What did you do?
It was hot, so I wanted cold water.
-That was all it was, right?
-Yes.
Where are you going?
To the room.
Where is she going? Catch JENNIE.
What's in this unit?
JENNIE, what did you do alone earlier?
-Nothing.
-Was there something?
Don't suspect me, Jae-seok.
-Come on.
-You…
If I have a secret mission, it shows.
Jung-ha.
Seoul slicker. I'm from Seoul.
-But…
-It's you.
Jae-seok, I have a question.
She's from New Zealand,
and you're from Seoul.
Right.
But JENNIE only studied in New Zealand.
You're from Seoul, right?
-Bundang.
-I got this.
-Let's go.
Jae-seok.
-She's from Bundang?
-I don't know.
Hey, but…
Jae-seok, what's your identity?
No, I'm… I'm a civilian.
Let's have a press conference.
-I'm a civilian.
-We'll go up.
-Jung-ha.
-Jae-seok, be honest with us.
-Tell us.
-I'm not a parent.
That way, we can help you.
I'm not a parent.
-Don't fall for it.
-I'm not a parent.
JENNIE, you're from Bundang?
I'm from Bundang.
Bundang?
-Then it's you.
-It's so hard.
Aren't you from Seoul?
Jae-seok, I'm sorry. JENNIE, let's go.
Bye.
What's your identity?
-Jae-seok, I'm sorry. JENNIE, let's go.
-Bye.
What's your identity?
I'm an innocent civilian.
I'm here to expose illegal tutoring today.
It's her.
I'm…
also an innocent civilian.
Not. I'm a parent
who requested illegal tutoring.
We won.
This ledger is filled with lies.
It's nonsense.
-We won.
-JENNIE.
What's your hometown? Where are you from?
-I'm from Seoul.
-Why did you say you were from Bundang?
-JENNIE, well done.
-Hey.
You're a parent
who requested illegal tutoring.
If you don't drink four orange beverages,
your identity will be revealed.
-It's nothing.
-What?
-It's nothing, right?
-There wasn't much information.
I think…
-Do you want some water?
-It's okay. I'll drink orange juice.
-Come with me.
-Okay.
JENNIE, what are you doing?
All right.
-Where are you going?
-To the room.
Where is she going? Catch JENNIE.
What's in this unit?
-Jae-seok, I'm sorry. JENNIE, let's go.
-Bye.
What's your identity?
JENNIE, help us today.
We're a team.
Don't lie to me, okay? Seriously.
Let's not do that.
You can lie to me,
but you'll have to deal
with the repercussions.
Before Na-ra left,
-she downed this bottle.
-Go on.
It's a bit suspicious.
-You're sharp.
-Yes.
She suddenly chugged it.
Maybe she was thirsty.
-Why are you… Hold on.
-Why are you covering for her?
-You're sharp.
-Right?
-I had no idea.
-Hey.
Isn't there any ice?
I guess it doesn't have that function.
I can confidently say
that I'm one of the two.
-I'm a civilian.
-I'm a civilian too.
I really am a civilian.
-Four?
-I really am.
-It isn't me. Is it you?
-Come here.
It isn't me.
Except for us, everyone is a parent.
-It isn't me.
-Except for us, everyone is a parent.
Come to the press conference
and reveal your identity.
They're leaving.
-Hurry up. Let's go.
-JENNIE.
-Hurry up.
-Jung-ha.
-Come on.
-Please.
I just realized it now.
For goodness' sake.
Hey, you… My goodness.
Is this a hidden camera prank?
You're a civilian, right?
What are you saying?
-A hidden camera prank?
-Jung-ha, it's over.
Where did that come from?
He fell head over heels for JENNIE.
JENNIE stayed close to him.
He made a big impact today.
-He really did.
-Bundang.
Why did you say Bundang?
It was a nearby city that came to mind.
-JENNIE doesn't disappoint. She's good.
-She's good.
She's the Seoul slicker.
Even I was confused.
Did I mishear the mission?
You're the master of the rooftop.
-Jung-ha.
-Every time he's here…
I told you so.
-The two of them look very…
-Seriously.
They look like fools.
-They look alike.
-A bit.
…should no longer be tormented
by the hellish entrance examinations
and excessive private tutoring.
Attending academies during school breaks
will be allowed.
Four instances of corruption on
college entrance exams have been exposed.
A teacher stole the test papers.
…failed despite the passing grades.
Using dozens of accounts,
the grades were fixed
more than 1,500 times.
One out of two students
in all grade levels
feels anxiety and depression
due to academic stress.
According to the study,
one out of four students
has considered suicide
due to academic stress.
Before the millennium era,
many aspects of society
are in a confused state.
All of you go to hell!
He spoils the atmosphere.
Mister.
How is it connected?
What's this?
Okay.
Is it too obvious?
No way.
This is driving me crazy.
They won't be able to find me.
Subtitle: Park Dong-joo